Some of the challenges we faced
within Slack is
traditionally information overload.
One of our product principles is
be a great host.
And so one of the things
we wanted to help people with
from the beginning,
was actually distilling
through the noise
and actually figuring out
what's important.
When AI emerged,
we had some very clear problems
we wanted to solve.
And those were specifically search
and then summarizing
high volumes of information.
So we started to experiment with it,
and with Claude in particular,
and when we started to get
our first search answers back,
we saw like an immediate,
almost like, mind meld with Claude
that was our first
holy cow moment.
The system automatically
takes care of answering
things for me,
summarizes information for me,
and that just gives me minutes
every single day.
We track a number of
metrics throughout Slack.
One is query success rate.
And two is the number of users that
self-report Slack as feeling noisy
and we've seen
one of our biggest improvements
with both of those metrics.
Not only are we using Claude for
some of our customer facing features
but we're also using it with Claude Code
to do things like fix bugs
and really power teams
internally to move faster.
The limitation now is creativity
and imagination.
It's not really a question
of how to build the thing.
It's a question of
what do you want to build?
Now I find myself
spending a lot more time
doing the planning
and the architecture and less time
actually coding up the solution.
There's a lot more
deep thinking going on.
The benefits are largely time savings,
and together with Claude,
I think we could do something
incredible to help people
get even more
throughout their days.
This is the most excited
I've been to be in technology
in my entire career.